PR for SRVKE-1419: Document Eventing mTLS with Service Mesh (#64130)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-ossm-setup.adoc

      "sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers": "true"
  - name: mt-broker-filter
    annotations:
      "sidecar.istio.io/inject": "true"
      "sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers": "true"
----
<1> Enables Eventing istio controller to create a `DestinationRule` for each InMemoryChannel or KafkaChannel service.
<2> Enables sidecar injection for Knative Eventing pods.

:FeatureName: The Knative Eventing integration with {SMProductShortName}
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

. Apply the `KnativeEventing` resource:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <filename>
----

. Install Knative Kafka by creating the following `KnativeKafka` custom resource definition (CRD), which also enables the Istio integration:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.serverless.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: KnativeKafka
metadata:
  name: knative-kafka
  namespace: knative-eventing
spec:
  channel:
    enabled: true
    bootstrapServers: <bootstrap_servers> <1>
  source:
    enabled: true
  broker:
    enabled: true
    defaultConfig:
      bootstrapServers: <bootstrap_servers> <1>
      numPartitions: <num_partitions>
      replicationFactor: <replication_factor>

>     sink:

Reviewer: indentation, `sink: enabled:true` should be on the same level as `source:`, not inside `broker:`

Author: Incorporated! Thank you!

<2> Enables sidecar injection for Knative Kafka pods.

:FeatureName: The Knative Eventing integration with {SMProductShortName}
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

. Apply the `KnativeKafka` resource:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <filename>
----

. Install `ServiceEntry` to make {SMProductName} aware of the communication between `KnativeKafka` components and an Apache Kafka cluster:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
kind: ServiceEntry
metadata:
  name: kafka-cluster
  namespace: knative-eventing
spec:
  hosts: <1>
    - <bootstrap_servers_without_port>
  exportTo:
    - "."
  ports: <2>
    - number: 9092
      name: tcp-plain
      protocol: TCP
    - number: 9093
      name: tcp-tls
      protocol: TCP
    - number: 9094
      name: tcp-sasl-tls
      protocol: TCP
    - number: 9095
      name: tcp-sasl-tls
      protocol: TCP
    - number: 9096
      name: tcp-tls
      protocol: TCP
  location: MESH_EXTERNAL
  resolution: NONE
----
<1> The list of Apache Kafka cluster hosts, for example: `my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap.kafka`.
<2> Apache Kafka cluster listeners ports.

+
[NOTE]
====

> The listed ports in `spec.ports` are example TPC ports and depend on how the Apache Kafka cluster is configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The listed ports in `spec.ports` are example TCP ports and depend on how the Apache Kafka cluster is configured.
```

Author: Incorporated! Thank you!

====

. Apply the `ServiceEntry` resource:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc apply -f <filename>

Reviewer: This raises a warning

```
Warning: addresses are required for ports serving TCP (or unset) protocol
```

@pierDipi  should we be concerned about the warning? My understanding is this would cause issues if the customer would ever need more/different Kafka clusters on the same ports inside the same mesh (as SM would not be able to distinguish between different services if they used same port with no addresses specified in the ServiceEntry)

Author: @maschmid, If it is a must-have then I will include it. 

@pierDipi, can you please confirm?

      "sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers": "true"
  - name: mt-broker-filter
    annotations:
      "sidecar.istio.io/inject": "true"
      "sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers": "true"
----
<1> Enables Eventing istio controller to create a `DestinationRule` for each InMemoryChannel or KafkaChannel service.
<2> Enables sidecar injection for Knative Eventing pods.

:FeatureName: The Knative Eventing integration with {SMProductShortName}
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

. Apply the `KnativeEventing` resource:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <filename>
----

. Install Knative Kafka by creating the following `KnativeKafka` custom resource definition (CRD), which also enables the Istio integration:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: operator.serverless.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: KnativeKafka
metadata:
  name: knative-kafka
  namespace: knative-eventing
spec:
  channel:
    enabled: true
    bootstrapServers: <bootstrap_servers> <1>
  source:
    enabled: true
  broker:
    enabled: true
    defaultConfig:
      bootstrapServers: <bootstrap_servers> <1>
      numPartitions: <num_partitions>
      replicationFactor: <replication_factor>
  sink:

>       enabled: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    enabled: true
```

Reviewer: (indentation, technically it is not OK and works fine, it's just the `enabled: true` should also be moved to the left to have consistent formatting

Author: Done!

      "sidecar.istio.io/inject": "true"
      "sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers": "true"
  - name: kafka-sink-receiver
    annotations:
      "sidecar.istio.io/inject": "true"
      "sidecar.istio.io/rewriteAppHTTPProbers": "true"
----
<1> The Apache Kafka cluster URL, for example: `my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap.kafka:9092`.
<2> Enables sidecar injection for Knative Kafka pods.

:FeatureName: The Knative Eventing integration with {SMProductShortName}
include::snippets/technology-preview.adoc[leveloffset=+4]

. Apply the `KnativeKafka` resource:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <filename>
----

. Install `ServiceEntry` to make {SMProductName} aware of the communication between `KnativeKafka` components and an Apache Kafka cluster:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3
kind: ServiceEntry
metadata:
  name: kafka-cluster
  namespace: knative-eventing
spec:
  hosts: <1>
    - <bootstrap_servers_without_port>
  exportTo:
    - "."
  ports: <2>
    - number: 9092
      name: tcp-plain
      protocol: TCP
    - number: 9093
      name: tcp-tls
      protocol: TCP
    - number: 9094
      name: tcp-sasl-tls
      protocol: TCP
    - number: 9095

>       name: tcp-sasl-tls

Reviewer: this has the same name as the one above, which makes it invalid, so I suggest renaming it to e.g. "tcp-sasl-plain" , to be consistent with the original example
```suggestion
      name: tcp-sasl-plain
```

Author: Added!

      protocol: TCP
    - number: 9096

>       name: tcp-tls

Reviewer: same problem as above, this name is already used above, so I suggest something like
```suggestion
      name: tcp-tls-noauth
```

Reviewer: (alternatively, if we do not even want to hint at using non-tls ports, we could just remove those ports althogether

      protocol: TCP
  location: MESH_EXTERNAL
  resolution: NONE
----
<1> The list of Apache Kafka cluster hosts, for example: `my-cluster-kafka-bootstrap.kafka`.
<2> Apache Kafka cluster listeners ports.

+
[NOTE]
====
The listed ports in `spec.ports` are example TCP ports and depend on how the Apache Kafka cluster is configured.
====

. Apply the `ServiceEntry` resource:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc apply -f <filename>
----
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> Ensure that addresses are set in the ServiceEntry. If the addresses are not set, all the traffic on the port defined in the ServiceEntry is matched, regardless of the host.

Reviewer 2: Remove last comma.

Author: Done

> Ensure that addresses are set in the ServiceEntry when the protocol is not set or the protocol is set to TCP. When addresses are not set, all the traffic on the port specified in the ServiceEntry will be the same, no matter who the host is.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Ensure that addresses are set in the ServiceEntry. If addresses is not set, all traffic on the port defined in the ServiceEntry is matched, regardless of the host.
```

Reviewer 3: I'd use this text, we know protocol is TCP

Author: @pierDipi Added your sugestions!
